AWS Shield is a managed DDoS or distributed denial of service,
protection service, that safeguards web applications running on AWS.
A distributed denial of service attack is an attempt to make a website or
an application unavailable by overwhelming it with traffic from multiple sources.
When a server is overwhelmed,
it typically crashes and can no longer serve requests.
An attack like this would leave your website or
web application unavailable which could result in a loss of revenue.
I mentioned that some Cloud security options depend on the vendor.
Well, AWS Shield is a service that you get out of the box.
It is always running automatically and as a part of the free standard tier.
If you want to use more of the advanced features,
you'll need to utilize the paid tier.